So much. Fresh one. Who are very big. Who are very tall, one, who are very good, who are very talented, who are very talented, who are very talented, who are very talented, who are very talented, who are very talented, who are very talented, who are very talented, who are very talented, who are very talented, who are very talented, who are very talented, who are very talented, who are very talented, who are very talented, An animal in serious danger of extinction the shoebill. They have their beak like a shoe. And it is imprinted on human beings. He was raised from a very young age to save his life He believes he is human, and for some reason, he selected me as his mate. But I am not your partner. I am your friend. How are you? If I bring him a branch, then I will get his attention. Because it is a way to show him the nest They pick it up They gather the branches to make the nest with me. Of course, take it. Yes. Yeah. Hello, everyone. Hello. How lovely my boy. How you've grown? You have grown so much. Precious one. You are very big. You are very tall. You are very beautiful. Beautiful animal, isn't it? An animal in serious danger of extinction. The shoebill. They have their beak like a shoe. And it is imprinted on human beings. Somehow this relationship you are seeing between him and me, the truth is that he is seducing me. He's inviting me to make a nest because since he was raised from a very young age to sit Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello. One, two, 3, check. Am I audible? One, two, 3. Hello. One, two, 3. Check. Hello? +1, 23. Check. Is it audible? Checking whether the mic is audible. Hello? We're very excited today to talk about effective speaking in spontaneous situations. I thank you all joining us even though the title of my talk is grammatically incorrect. I thought that might scare a few of you away. But I learned teaching here at the business school catching people's attention is hard. So something as simple as that, I thought might draw few of you here. So this is going to be a highly interactive and participative workshop today. If you don't feel comfortable participating, that's completely fine. But do know I'm gonna ask you to talk to people next to you. There'll be opportunity I I believe the way we become effective communicators is by actually communicating. So let's get started right away. I'd like to ask you all to read this sentence. And as you read this sentence, what's most important to me is that you count the number of f's that you find in this sentence. Please count the number of f's Keep it quiet for yourself. Three, two, Raise your hand, please, if you found three and only three f's. Excellent. Great. Did anybody find four? Anybody find only five out of six? Anybody find six? There's six f's. What two letter word ending in f did many of us miss? Update app. Hello. +1, 23, check. Vast majority of us in this room, very smart people in this room, were not as effective as we could have been in this activity. We didn't get it right. And the same is true when it comes to speaking in public particularly when spontaneous speaking. It's little things that make a big difference in being effective. So today, we're going to talk about little things in terms of your approach, your attitude, your practice, that can change how you feel when you speak in public. And we're gonna be talking primarily about one type of public speaking, not the type that you plan for in advance, the type that you actually spend time thinking about. You might even create slides for. These are the keynotes, the conference presentation, the formal toasts. That's not what we're talking about today. We're talking talking about spontaneous speaking. When you're in a situation that you're asked to speak off the cuff, and in the moment. What we're going through today is actually the result of a workshop I created here for the business school. Several years ago, a survey was taken among the students, and they said, what's one of the other things we could do to help make you more successful here? And at the top of that list, was this notion of responding to cold calls. Everybody know what a cold call is? It's where the mean professor like me looks at some students as what do you think? And there was a lot of panic. And a lot of silence. So as a result of that, this workshop was created in a vast majority of first year students here at the GSP go through this workshop. So I'm gonna walk you through through sort of a hybrid version of what they do. The reality is that spontaneous speaking is actually more prevalent than planned speaking. Perhaps it's giving introduction You're at a dinner and somebody says, you help, so I'm introducing. Maybe it's giving feedback in the moment. Your boss turns you and says, would you tell me what you think? It could be a surprise to you. Or finally Hello. Hello. During the q and a session, And by the way, we will leave plenty of time at the end of our day today. For q and a. I'd love to hear the questions you have about this topic or other topics. Okay. Hello? My testing. +1, 23. Check. Hello. +1, 23. What? Let's Okay. How do you get Do you mind if I change it? Hello, everyone. Cell or galley is responsible for deriving energy from it? Yes. You're right. That's the powerhouse of the cell. And if mitochondria. So today's video is going to be all about mitochondria. Mitochondria is a cell organelle that is present in all which are the cells that are responsible for the they are devoid of double membrane bound cell organelles and therefore, mitochondrial absent in the It is present in plant cells animal cells, and all different types of eukaryotes that you see around you. Which cell or cataly is responsible for deriving the food from it? Yes. You're right. That's the powerhouse of the cell, and it's vital for you. So today's video is going to be cells like bacteria, they are devoid of double membrane bound cellular catalase, and they is absent in them. It is present in blood cells animal cells, and all different types of eukaryotes that you see around you. Where inside the cell is mitochondria, inside the cell, plant or animal a micropodil can be found in the site plus Floating in the cytoplasm and the amount and the numb of mitochondria varies from cell to cell. So let's say there's a cell which is responsible for production of a large amount of glutamate. There, the number of mitochondria will be more than the cell, which is not really involved in the production of ATP. Another example would be cells that help in active Is a process by which substances or molecules are transported from their low to their high concentration. So For those cells which require to transport substances from their low to their high concentration, they also need a large amount of energy, and those cells are rich in mitochondria. Now let us have a look at the structure of a mitochondria. A mitochondria can have variety of shapes. It can be slightly elongated, round shaped, no. Microbondria, as you can see, you are is a continuous membrane. It is formable, and it has several protein channels through which substances can easily pass. The inner membrane of the microbegaly is shown in two spindle like projections called rusty. The figure like projections called Christie increase the surface area for enzyme and calcium channels. Close to the permeability of the cell membrane. If between the two membranes is a small space which is known as the peri mitochondrial space. This space So Inside the inner membrane is the matrix which is a viscous fluid that contains proteins inside the cashelms. Phytopenia is responsible for aerobic respiration. So the enzymes for trip cycle the enzymes for all the terminal oxidative processes, are present in these membranes and in the matrix of mitochondria. Inside the matrix, we also find a proper circular double stranded DNA. Now mitochondria is one of the very few cellular catalysts which possess its own DNA and its own ribosome. The DNA is a circular DNA as you can see here It's a circular DNA and it is double stranded. The mitochondrial DNA has been found to show a large variety of deviation. So a large amount of divergent evolution has been produced or has been showed by the differences that we see. Rating meeting meeting Increase the surface area for enzymatic reactions. The inner membrane is selectively permeable. Very close to the permeability of the cell membrane. In between the two membranes is a small space which is known as the peri mitochondrial space. This space is important in generation of ATP. Inside the inner membrane is the mattress. Which is a viscous fluid that contains proteins which are enzymes that do not aid respiration reactions. Mitropolias is responsible the for aerobic respiration. So the enzymes for prep cycle the insides for all the terminal oxidative processes are present in these membranes and in the backlinks of microorganism. Inside the matrix, we also find an paper circular double stranded DNA. Now mitochondria is one of the very big cell organelles which possess Hello, everyone. Do you know that all you have eaten your food, digested it, and sent it to your cell, which cell or galley is responsible for providing energy from it? Yes. You're right. That's the powerhouse of the cell and it's vital for you. So today's video is going to be all about Mitochondria. Mitochondria is a cellular deadly that is present in all the eukaryotic cells. Prokaryotic cells like bacteria they are devoid of double membrane cloud cell organelles, and therefore, vital organ is absent in them. It is present in plant cells, animal cells, and all different types of eukaryotes that you see around you. Where inside the cell is mitochondria present, Inside the cell, bound or animal, a mitochondrial can be found in the cytoplasm. Floating in the cytoplasm and the amount and the number of mitochondria varies from cell to cell. So let's say there's a cell which is responsible for production of a large amount of ATP. Hello, everyone. Do you know that after you have eaten your food digested it, and sent it to your cell, which cell or catalyst responsible for deriving energy from it? Yes. You're right. That's the powerhouse of the cell, and it's my to Andrea. So today's video is going to be all about Michael Montreux. Mitochondria. Mitochondria is a cell organelle that is present in all eukaryotic cells. Prokaryotic cells like bacteria they are devoid of double membrane bound cellular catarrhalies and therefore, mitochondria is absent in plants cells animal cells, and all different types of eukaryotes that you see around you. Where inside the cell is mitochondria present? Inside the cell, plant or animal, a micro mitochondrion can be found in the cytoplasm. Floating in the cytoplasm and the amount and the number of mitochondria varies from cell to cell. So let's say there's a cell which is responsible for production of a large amount of ATP. Then the number of mitochondria will be more, than the cell, which is not really involved in the production of ATP. Another example would be cells that help in active transport. Now what is active transport? You know that active transport is a process by which substances are molecules So those cells which require to transport substances from their low to their high concentration, they also need a large amount of energy, and those cells are rich in mitochondria. Now let us have a look at the structure of a mitochondria. A mitochondria can have variety of shapes. It can be small, you know, it can is a continuous membrane. It is permeable and it has several probitacious channels to which substance The inner membrane of the mitochondria is thrown into finger like projections called cysteine. The finger like projections called Christie increase the surface area for a dramatic reaction. Reactions. The inner membrane is selectively permeable. Or close to the permeability of the cell membrane. In between the two membranes is a small space which is known as the peri mitochondrial space. This space is important in generation of It covers 70% of the earth's surface. But actually, it represents 0.05% of earth's total mass. The total volume of water present in the earth is near about 1,386,000,000 cubic kilometer, 333,000,000 cubic miles. Out of this volume, 97.5% is salt water, and 2.5% is freshwater. Only 0.03% of freshwater is present. As a liquid form in the earth. It provides life, eases out heat, drains harmful substances, and mediates many day to day works. Today's topic is water cycle. The water cycle are also called the hydrologic cycle. It's a continuous process that includes five steps. These are evaporation, condensation, precipitation, runoff, and population. Now we will learn with an example. Evaporation. The water cycle starts with evaporation. It is a process. Where water at the surface turns into water vapor. Water absorbs heat energy from the sun. And turns into vapors from the water body's Hi, Brent. Water is the basic element. Of nature. Everything. And it is the main source of life. In our earth. It covers 70% of the earth's surface. But actually, it represents 0.05% of earth's total mass, the total volume of water present in the earth's sphere about 1,386,000,000 cubic kilometer, 333,000,000 cubic miles. Out of his volume, 97.5% is saltwater and 2.5% is freshwater. Only 0.03% of fresh water is present as a liquid formed in the earth. It provides life. Eases out heat, drains harmful substances, and mediates many day to day work. You fry it, Eddie? Yes. Today's Burnley, Usually, the What is the title? The water cycle lost just not. A continuous process that includes five steps. These are evaporation, condensation, precipitation, runoff, and punctilation. Now we will learn with an example. Evaporation So The water cycle starts with evaporation. It is a process. Where water at the surface turns into water vapor. Water absorbs heat energy from the sun. And turns into vapors from the water body's light. The oceans, the seas, the lakes, and the river bodies. These are the main source of evaporation. Through the evaporation, water moves from the hydrosphere to the atmosphere to the atmosphere. Water evaporates, which reduces Hello? First president of India. And he's inflection. And he's so cute. Very handsome person. In the world. And, in he always he always he And always He's always going to Hello, everyone. I welcome you all to the amazing platform. Under the next session, we are going to discuss the carbon. Family along with some of the questions and the DVD. I hope you are going to enjoy the lecture very carefully. It's a consultation manner. Okay? Now when you are starting the p block elements chapter, first of all, one thing you should know that where exactly billing table. Now here, when you are talking Unlock it faster. Already explained you in the p group chapter. So in the eleventh standard, we have to study the group number 13 and the 14 whereas in the 12 standard, we are going to study the 15, to very short form of the periodic payment system Let's start the discussion So let's start with the family, which is group number 13. If we are talking about the group 13, first Oh, when? What all elements are present in the group. 30. First, we should know all of the elements present in the group number So we have over here for all aluminium gallium, indium, and gallium. The elements present in this respective group is all these elements. Okay? For the first group, we are writing the name of these elements we have over here. We don't Play in the app. Nine podium is 100 respect tip. Okay? Good. Limonium is a synthetically prepared element because it has been discovered in only 2,400. Okay? Now regarding the electronic contribution, if we write the general electronic contribution of this group, if we write the Podium only. General electronic contribution of this group. If we write the That's right. General elect Electronic configuration of this group. That will be Just a minute. N s two and n p one. This is a digital electronic application of this respective. NS two, n p one. Now all of the elements that we have to write, we have over here helium, neon, and and then written. We will write the electronic distribution including the double gases. One minute. So we have over here Oh, yeah, three s two three p one. We have over here three d 10, four s two four p one. We have over here four d 10, five s d. The timing is put up. Five p one. Then we have over here four f 40. And then x s. Six p one. You can write over here. P also. Five b 10. X s two, six b one. And here we can write over here five f b, 60, 10, seven s two, and seven b one. So these all elements are having the electronic configurations like this. One thing is common in every of them. One thing is common in every of them is the last electronic communication, which is s two p one. P four. Which is s two p one. That we need to understand. Five s to five p one. Six s to six p one, and then seven s two seven four. So General Electric electronic education, I have Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Kept in the Favorite trendy print. This will go perfectly with my outfit today. Let me take a shower first and get ready. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. This color is so beautiful. I will paint an apple today with this. My friends will be so happy seeing my painting. How I misplace my favorite nail paint? My bed. What are you talking completing that thought homework. Okay. I have no idea about you today. I will teach him a lesson now since he lied to me. The day after Here is my painting. How will I show it to my friends and teachers? Maybe God punished me for stealing tears and hurt me for his I want to give you something. Yes, please. Come in. Is it? I'm sorry. I picked up your nail paint while you were in the shower. Actually, the color looks so beautiful. I knew it when I saw the red nail painted in the living room. Known as the Saharan Pan Of Istria, Fifteenth October nineteen thirty one at Rameshwaram in Tamil Nadu. His father, Chenulabdi, was a court honor and his mother, Asiyama, was a homemaker. He came from a financially poor background, and used statistical newspapers to support his company. He completed his schooling from Rameshwaram Delhi Public School. In 1954, he graduated in physics. From St. Joseph's College in Piruchirapalli. In 1955, he joined the Madras Institute of Technology and started aerospace engineering. Doctor Calant's dream was to become a fighter pilot but he was ranked ninth while the IAF offered only eight slots. Was a very simple person, owned a few positions, including a simple boat, a loogie, his beloved vina, and a collection of books. He didn't even had a television. He was a kindhearted man with no show or fly events. His love for children was always evident. As soon as the program got over, would cross the barricades to interact freely with the children, speak, at length with them, and motivate them to take up challenges. A p g Abdul Kalan's birthday, October 15, is celebrated as all students' day. Doctor Kalam emerged as a small team leader and a technologist for excellence in his scientific career. From 1963 to 1980, his career was spent in space research with the founding of BDR's space program. By Vikram Sarabhai under the Indian committee for space research, which became ISSUE. The successful launch of the satellite launch vehicle, SLV three, was a high point of Kalam's space tent. Which propelled India into a select band of countries with rocket launching capability. After this success, he was shifted to the defense research and Development Organization, DRDO, to head the project and who's made the director of defense metallurgical research laboratory. So fist to air missile named Akash Third generation anti attack missile named Nag. The launch of Prithvi missile on thirty fifth February. No. When there is a righteousness in the heart, there's a Below what is a network, connection of computers which are interconnected with the help of some cables or we may have some wireless technology also. Second one is mad, So LAN means a connection of computers which covers small geographical First, let us see about that. Which covers small geographical area. All those 10 computers are interconnected. Or you can use the lab in your Judith Or if always, some I didn't take any other students. What is LAN, So lag means for the connection of computers which covers in all geographic area. Okay? So Yes. We can use some client server architecture. Let us assume that LAN contains 10 systems. So one of the system is sample. Say, powerful old capacity system. The entire data will be sized. Okay? So the remaining all the nine computer Very, very easy. So we can extend the information from server to the client. Client to the server. Or between the clients. Very, very easily. In client. And the second one is sharing hardware resource. The first example is yet one system we have here in 10. So the remaining nine systems can also use the printer. So there is no need to count 10 printers. Instead of 10 printers, you can make use of only one printer. Right? Only one scanner, The remaining line system can make use of the printer. Okay. Sharing of software resources. So what is a software? Software means a program. Okay. Like, one system contains a program. So that program may be shared or that program may be explained to this. Remaining nine business days. I'd, thought I'd just use to buy. The size of the valley is very, very small. It covers that geographical area of some 10 meters to one kilometer. Your middle language. Okay? Transfusion technology. Here, we use a software. So this is about, for this land, In order to hold on the problem with land, we use this metropolitan area network. What is the problem with land? Land covers only small geographical area that we have by then. So we can direct all those Okay. That's the end of the month. So here, what is the batch? Map covers an ocean geophysical area. When compared with land, So Matt covers hundred hundred units. Particular meters, 90 kilometers like that. Okay? A good 80 kilometers. A man The best example for the marriage is, if you can't the cable TV network. Covers up to if you take a batch, let us take some SPA back and Okay. So if we have 10 branches, in Sohailar, Wassily. So we can guide all those branches with the help of the band. So So that is about, math. There are various problems with math. Can overcome all those problems with the That The most commonly used problem in various So So if you want to cover small geometrical area, then we use this plan In short, we are not less brand Brand covers 100 kilometers, 200 kilometers language. That covers a country or a continent or a continent also. So that means the culture of match. So it regards various mental and engineering elements. Then we may get the band here. So if you want to go more geographies, then we would just add So these are the most commonly used in computer networks. This is what it's If you have tomato, let's He can act. Hello, friends. I am Trippy. Water is the basic element of nature. And it is the main source of life in our earth. It covers 70% of the earth's surface. But actually, it represents 0.05% of Earth's total mass. The total volume of water present in the earth is near about 1,386,000,000 cubic kilometer, three thirty three million cubic miles. Out of this volume, 97.5% is saltwater and 2.5% is freshwater. Only 0.03% of freshwater is present as a liquid formed in the air. It provides life, eases out heat, drains harmful substances, and mediates many day to day works. Runoff. And population. Now we will learn with an example. Evaporation. The water cycle starts with evaporation. It is a process where water at the surface does into water vapor. Water absorbs heat energy from the sun. And turns into vapors from the water body's light of the oceans, the seas, the lakes, and the river bodies, these are the main source evaporation. Through the evaporation, water moves from the hydro sphere to the atmosphere. As the water evaporates, it reduces the temperature of the body. Condensation. In this process, water vapor rises into water vapor. It rises up in the atmosphere. At the high altitudes. Water vapor changes into very tiny particles of ice. Water droplets, because the temperature at high altitudes is low. This process is called condensation. These particles come close together and form clouds that fog in the sky. In this process, changes the state of waters from gas to liquid. This occurs because the water droplets combine to make bigger droplets. Also, when the air cannot hold any more water, it precipitates. At high altitudes, the temperature is low, and hence, the droplets lose their heat energy. These water droplets fall down as rain. Note, if the temperature is very low, below zero degree, the water droplets fall as snow. Water also precipitates in the form of droplets. Sleep, and hail, else the water enters liposphere. Run off As the water pours down in whatever form it leads to runoff, As water runs over the ground, it displaces the top soil with it. And moves runoff is the process where water runs over the surface of Earth when the snow melts The minerals, along with the stream, this runoff the mines to form channels and then rivers and ends up into lakes, seas and oceans. Population sometimes. Water. Add the soaked up into the ground. This process is called population. Water flows downward under the layers of the soil. And then it starts again. Thank you, friend, for watching this video. And don't forget to subscribe our channel. Get screwed up. Generate that image previous image. Hello. Vaparish, eight six billion cubic kilometer. 333,000,000 cubic miles. Out of this volume, 97.5% is salt water. And 2.5% is freshwater. Cycle. It's a continuous process that includes five steps. These are evaporation, condensation, precipitation, runoff, Hi, Trey. Subscribe our channel and click the bell icon to be is the basic element of nature. And it is the main source of life in our earth. It covers 70% of the earth's surface. 03% of freshwater is present as a liquid form in the earth It provides life, eases out heat, drains harmful subs substances. And mediate many day to day work. Today's topic is Collision. Now we will learn with an example Evaporation. The water cycle starts with evaporation, It is a process. Where water at the surface turns into water vapor. To the atmosphere As the water evaporates, it reduces the temperature of the body. Condensation. In this process, water vapor rises into water vapor It rises up in the atmosphere. Big enough, which is At the high altitude, Okay. But, actually, it represents 0.05% of Earth's total mass. The total volume of water present in the atmosphere about 1,386,000,000 cubic kilometer, three thirty three million cubic miles. Hot five. Out of this volume, 97.5% is saltwater, and Condensation, precipitation, runoff, and population Now we will learn with an example. Evaporation. The water cycle starts with evaporation. Generally It is a process where water at the surface turns Condensation It rises up in the atmosphere. At the high altitude. The water vapor changes into a very tiny part of the ice. One droplets because the temperature at high altitude is low. This process is called condensation. But, actually, it represents 0.05% of Earth's total mass, and that is what you call that as. Present to the earth is being about 1,386,000,000 cubic kilometers. After the study, 97.5% is health quarter and 2.5% is produced provides life. In Arun, it covers 70% of your yard surface. But actually, it represents 0.05% of earth's total mass. The total volume of water present in the earth is near about 1,386,000,000 cubic kilometer, 333,000,000 cubic miles. Out of this volume, 97.5% It covers 70% of the earth's surface. But, actually, it represents 0.05% of earth's total mass. The total volume of water present in the earth is near about 1,386,000,000 cubic kilometer, 333,000,000 cubic miles. Out of this volume, 97.5% is saltwater. Yes. We have water around the surface turns. Said then pursuing the problems taking them. Water vapor. Water absorbs heat energy from the sun. And turns into vapors from the water bodies life, the oceans, the seas, the lakes, If the temperature is very low to zero degrees, water droplets fall as snow. Water will suppress the Sometimes, this water turns into ground water This process is called population. Waters flows downwards under the layers of the Thank you, friend. For watching this video, and don't forget to subscribe our channel. Flat Cubic kilometer, 333,000,000 cubic miles. Out of this volume, 97.5% is salt water and 2.5% is freshwater. Only 0.03% of freshwater is present. As a liquid forming the air. It provides life, eases out heat. A white background with water adapted As the water evaporates, it reduces the temperature of the bodies. Condensation What do you mean that? In this process, water vapor rises into water vapor. It rises up in the atmosphere. At the high altitude, Hi, friends. Subscribe our channel and click the bell icon to be Water is the basic element of nature. And it is the main source of life in our earth. It covers Is saltwater, and two point five percent is freshwater. Only 0.03% of freshwater is present. As a liquid form in the earth. It provides life eases out heat, drains harmful substances, and mediates many day to day works. Today's topic is water cycle The water cycle also called the hydrologic cycle it's a continuous process that includes five steps. These are evaporation, It rises up in the atmosphere at the high altitude the water vapor changes into very tiny particles of ice. Water droplets because the temperature at high altitudes is low. This process is called condensation. It precipitates at high altitudes the temperature is low. And hence, the droplets lose their heat energy. These water droplets fall down as rain. Note, As the water pours down, in whatever form, it leads to runoff. As water runs over the ground, it displaces the top soil with it. And moves runoff is the process where water runs over the surface of earth, When the snow melts into water, it also leads to runoff. Water turns into groundwater. Or water that is soaked up into the ground. This process is called population. Water flows downward under the layers of the soil. And then it starts again But 05% of the main source of flax Subscribe our channel and click the bell icon today. Or no. Water is the basic element of nature. And it is the main source of life in our earth. It covers 70% of the earth's surface. But actually, it represents 0.05% of earth's total mass, the total volume of water, present in the earth is near about 1,386,000,000 cubic kilometer, 333,000,000 cubic miles. Out of this volume, 97.5% is saltwater. And 2.5% is freshwater. Only 0.03% of freshwater is present. As a liquid form in the earth. It provides life eases out heat, drains harmful substances, and mediates many day to day works. Today's topic is water cycle The water cycle also called the hydrologic cycle it's a continuous process that includes five steps. These are evaporation, condensation, precipitation, runoff, and percolation. Now we will learn with an example. Evaporation The water cycle starts with evaporation. It is a process where water at the surface turns into water vapor. Water absorbs heat energy from the sun and turns into vapors. From the water bodies like the oceans, the seas, the lakes, and the river bodies, these are the main source of evaporation. Through the evaporation, water moves from the hydrosphere to the atmosphere As the water evaporates, it reduces the temperature of the bodies. Condensation, In this process, water vapor rises into water vapor. It rises up in the atmosphere at the high altitudes. The water vapor changes into very tiny particles of ice. Water droplets, because the temperature at high altitudes is low, This process is called condensation. These particles come close together and form clouds and fog in the sky. In this process, changes the state of water from gas to liquid. This occurs because the water droplets combine to make bigger droplets. Also, when the air cannot hold any more water, it precipitates. At high altitudes, the temperature is low. And hence, the droplets lose their heat energy. These water droplets fall down as rain, Note, if the temperature is very low, below zero degrees, the water droplets fall as snow. Water also precipices in the form of drizzle, sleet, and hail. Hence, the water enters lithosphere. Runoff. As the water pours down in whatever form it leads to runoff. As water runs over the ground, it displaces the top soil with it. And moves runoff is the process where water runs over the surface of earth, When the snow melts into water, it also leads to runoff. The minerals, along with the stream, This runoff combines to form channels and then rivers and ends up into lakes, seas, and oceans. Here, the water enters hydrosphere. Percolation. Sometimes, this water turns into ground water or water that is soaked up into the ground. This process is called population. Water flows downward under the layers of the soil. And then it starts again Thank you, friends. For watching this video. And don't forget to subscribe our channel. Let's grow up. 